Don't mess with my car, who will I let sit in?
I have the final say who doesn't let me sit
No, you said that.
Let's experience Miss's luxury car?
Yeah, I did
Bring you, a migrant worker at the bottom
Meet my luxury car
Now that you've seen it, you can get out of here
Only them
I want to get in the car
Thank you ma'am
The eldest lady is kind and kind
Not like some people.
He's as thick-skinned as a city wall
Can't get away
It turns out that the eldest lady and colleagues like to step on high and low?
Hey, Sister Zhang, your words are off the air.
We're taking it out on the lady
This Ye Qiuyan has been bumping into the eldest lady for a day
Yes, yes.
Are we standing up for the eldest lady?
Teach this ignorant intern a lesson
I'm not qualified to teach Zheng Hao a lesson
Who are you?
Let's all get in the car together
Luxury cars are more luxurious
Space is limited.
It's not that I'm rich and stingy, I really can't sit still
Who are you?
I'm the manager.
I usually take care of the eldest lady the most
Miss and I often have lunch together
We have a good relationship
No matter how high or low the rank
Or is this relationship far and near?
I think the three of us
More suitable for high-class cars
Right?
What about Qiuyan this night?
Just started today
He's a little intern.
He doesn't deserve to be the daughter of our chairperson at all
Forget the car
I won't get in the car
I've arranged for a car to pick me up, stop pretending
Ye Qiuyan, run away
Otherwise, I will miss the last bus.
Stop talking and get in the car
Suddenly remembered something Ye Qiuyan
What else?
You'd better explain.
How did you know about my luxury car?
The license plate number is 5 9s.